Add note to recommend Python3.8 or later in documentation build with artifacts (#3312)
optuna/optuna: CONTRIBUTING.md

To avoid having to run the tutorials, you may download executed tutorial artifacts named "tutorial" from our CI (see the capture below) and put them in `docs/build` before
extracting the files in the zip to `docs/source/tutorial` directory.
Note that the CI runs with Python 3.8 and the generated artifacts contain pickle files.

> The artifacts are serialized with [the protocol version 5](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pickle.html#data-stream-format) so you will see the error with Python 3.7 or older.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pickle files are serialized with [the protocol version 5](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pickle.html#data-stream-format) so you will see the error with Python 3.7 or older.
```

> Please use Python3.8 or later if you want to build the documentation with artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use Python 3.8 or later if you build the documentation with artifacts.
```
